they lay dormant for years waiting for
the chance to appear once again now
they're back and they'll find you no
matter where you try to hide
and only a team of dedicated
professionals can stop them we need
someone an expert to eliminate these
creatures to go graboid hunting this
time they're prepared preparing a fire
we smoked his ass doing what I can with
what I got this time they're motivated
50,000 for each gravely you've got a
deal this time they're one step ahead
get off the ground
there's only one problem this time the
words have turned
something's wrong with our wormer the
whole new ballgame the whole new goddamn
ballgame
the worms changed somehow now we've got
these things I am cle-cle out of amell's
they wrecked our car the radio tower
maybe so far sitting ducks here come get
me you suckers you are me my congestion
to your truck I can grab some boss
tremors - under shocks
starring Fred Ward Michael Gross
Christopher Garten and Helen shaver dam
worms never cut you any slack